still is an interesting field you get to do a lot of good technical work
but as you get more senior you'll find out that you spend more and
more time trying to find a sponsor trying to find someone in the industry
or the government or some place we'll pay you money to do the
work you think needs to be done and that kind of development work
although it is exciting in its own way and fun in its own way gets to
be a drag after awhile and so that's a part of that that I think you
need not to ignore know that it will be part of your job to do it
especially as you get senior but know that it's not near as much fun
this gone home and write code